title: Running containers from Mac OS Xdate: 2015-07-30 00:00:00author: tibotags:    - Container    - Docker    - Mac OS Xpreview: We just ported Hyper's code to Mac OS X, with VirtualBox hypervisor capability.---**TL;DR:** We just ported Hyper's code to Mac OS X. [Click here](https://docs.hyper.sh/release_notes/v0.3.html) to see the changelog, and download Hyper on your Mac!## Containers are aimed to be portableOne of the things making containers awesome is their commitment to portability.Containers have been designed to be portable, bridging the gap between devs, and ops. The idea behind containers' portability goes even further, and promises a "ready-to-go" ecosystem, where a container working on a machine A, will be able to run on a machine B, without any concern.And it works! Tens of thousands of container images are today shared through the official Docker hub repository - not to mention private repos, and alternative hubs. Containers, and Docker, make it easier than ever to distribute, share, and reproduce any components of your software stack.## The need of replicationLet's focus on this last aspect of the containers: their ease of replication.Replication has always been a complex aspect of what is now called devops. In order to ensure safe deployments in production - and also lighten the developers' QA workload, replication(s) of the production stack is a must. But how to ensure two stacks are strictly identical? How to be sure all risks of failure once deploying to production will be avoided?It used to be nearly impossible to have a 100% accurate answer to these questions, but to higher the chances of smooth deployment, devs were spending more time on QA, and ops more time on building clever processes to proceed step-by-step, quite safely.## Containers made replication portable!Containers changed the game. With containers, there is no more time to spend on superfluous QA, or additional stacks creation. With containers, it is possible to directly "pull" the components from your production stack, and run them with a single, simple script - or something like "Docker Compose", in the case of Docker.And containers let you do even more, by letting you deploy them directly on your local machine. From a developer perspective, it means you can have, on your laptop, a perfect replication of the production stack to work with. Hassle free!## (Docker) containers aren't cross-platform portableToday, Docker containers are available on Linux platforms (and now [FreeBSD](https://wiki.freebsd.org/Docker), using a compatibility layer), and announced on Windows. However, Linux container images won't be compatible with Windows hosts (and vice-versa).You must, as a developer, use a Linux based operating system on your personal computer, in order to run containers locally. However, as a [recent study](http://stackoverflow.com/research/developer-survey-2015) showed, Linux distributions only represent 20% of the developers' choice.How to run containers on other, commonly used platforms (understand Windows, or Mac OS X)? Virtualization.In order to run Linux based containers on Windows or OS X platforms, Docker propose to setup a solution called [boot2docker](http://boot2docker.io/). Boot2docker uses [Tiny Core Linux](http://tinycorelinux.net/) and [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/) to run a lightweight Linux distribution, which is able to run Docker containers. But boot2docker is a Wrapper, and as pretty much all non-native solutions, suffers from a few issues, i.e [attached volumes](https://github.com/boot2docker/boot2docker/issues/413), or working with several applications.## Containers, Virtualization ... sounds familiar?By definition, [Hyper](http://hyper.sh) is able to schedule containers on virtual machines. Although Hyper's primary objective is to improve container's isolation, we thought we could use Hyper's technology and great performances to improve containers' cross-platform portability.This is why we are happy to announce today the release of **[Hyper for Mac OS X](https://docs.hyper.sh/get_started/install.html)**!When used on Mac OS, Hyper will use VirtualBox to run HyperKernel, and all other components of Hyper, yet fully functional, and integrated to Hyper's ecosystem.*Stay tuned! An article with a more detailed approach on how to easily deploy a common stack on both a production-ready server and your personal laptop will be published soon.*